README.md, before:

# HacktoberFest 2023 `OPEN FIRST` Pull Request 🎉
![HacktoberFest 2021](https://github.com/ossamamehmood/Hacktoberfest2023/raw/main/.github/logo.png)


## Contributors of `Hacktoberfest 2023`

<div align="center">

<a href="https://github.com/ossamamehmood/Hacktoberfest2023/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=ossamamehmood/Hacktoberfest2023" />
</a>
  
  </div>

## This Project Is Perfect For Your First Pull Request

🗣 **Hacktoberfest encourages participation in the open source community, which grows bigger every year.**

📢 **Register [here](https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com) for Hacktoberfest and make four pull requests (PRs) between October 1st-31st to grab free DIGITAL-SWAGS 🔥.**

<div align="center">

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/hacktoberfest-2023-blueviolet" alt="Hacktober Badge"/>
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=%F0%9F%8C%9F&message=If%20Useful&style=style=flat&color=BC4E99" alt="Star Badge"/>
 <a href="https://github.com/ossamamehmood" ><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributions-welcome-violet.svg?style=flat&logo=git" alt="Contributions" /></a>

<a href="https://github.com/ossamamehmood/hacktoberfest2023/pulls"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/ossamamehmood/hacktoberfest2023" alt="Pull Requests Badge"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/ossamamehmood/hacktoberfest2023/graphs/contributors"><img alt="GitHub contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/ossamamehmood/hacktoberfest2023?color=2b9348"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/ossamamehmood/hacktoberfest2023/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/ossamamehmood/hacktoberfest2023?color=2b9348" alt="License Badge"/></a>

</div>

## INSTRUCTIONS-

- Fork this Repository using the button at the top on right corner.
- Clone your forked repository to your pc ( git clone "url from clone option.)
- Create a new branch for your modifications (ie. `git branch new-user` and check it out `git checkout new-user` or simply do `git checkout -b new-user`)
- Add your profile image in `static/images/` ( use drag and drop option or upload by commands.)
- Add your profile data in `content/participant/`
- Add your files (`git add -A`), commit (`git commit -m "added myself"`) and push (`git push origin new-user`)
- Create a pull request
- Star this repository

# How To Make Your First Pull Request

Replace `<YOUR-USERNAME>` with your GitHub username in this guide.

## 1. Add your profile picture to the folder

Add a picture picture of your choice in `static/images/`. Accepted files are **png** and **jpg**, should be squared and minimum size 544x544 pixels. Ex.

```
static/images/<YOUR-USERNAME>.png
```


## 2. Add your profile information

Create a markdown file in your folder following the convention `content/participant/<YOUR-USERNAME>.md`. Ex.

```
content/participant/<YOUR-USERNAME>.md
```

Copy the next template into your file, delete the boilerplate data and fill the information with yours.

```
---
name: YOURNAME
institution/company: INSTITUTION_NAME
github:USERNAME
---
```

<div align="center">
<h2> OR </h2>
</div>

## 3. Create / Upload Your Code / Algorithms

Create/Upload your code in folder following the convention `Add Code Here`
- Choose an extact lanaguage folder `drop your code`
- Below is `an example` to add file properly
- You can follow up `any languages`
```
Add Code Here/PYTHON/<YOUR-FILERNAME>.py
```
```
Add Code Here/C++/<YOUR-FILERNAME>.cpp
```
You can follow any pathway a `code` or `profile information`

## 4. Wait for Pull Request to merge

## 5. Celebrate - you've done your first pull request!!

```py
'''
Always make more then 4 pull requests.
Lets say you have made only 4 pull request to different projects,
but one project is excluded from hackoctoberfest event then your pull request will not be counted and 
then you have remaining 3 valid pull requests if these projects is not excluded.
If you fail to make 4 pull requests then you can't get digital-swags.
I will recommend you to make pull request to your own repo which is very very safest side for you..
keep in mind that repo has hacktoberfest topic..
'''
```

## + Follow Me : } Quick Approval of Pull Request

```py
'''
To get approval of the pull request much quicker and faster (`Follow Me`)🚀
'''
```

<tr><td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/ossamamehmood"><kbd><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/ossamamehmood?size=100" width="100px;" alt=""/></kbd><br /><sub><b>Ossama Mehmood</b></sub></a><br /></td>

</tr>

Commit message:

Added self profile to repo list/fixed readme with one more line, git status

README.md, after:

# HacktoberFest 2023 `OPEN FIRST` Pull Request 🎉

![HacktoberFest 2021](https://github.com/ossamamehmood/Hacktoberfest2023/raw/main/.github/logo.png)

## Contributors of `Hacktoberfest 2023`

<div align="center">

<a href="https://github.com/ossamamehmood/Hacktoberfest2023/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=ossamamehmood/Hacktoberfest2023" />
</a>
  
  </div>

## This Project Is Perfect For Your First Pull Request

🗣 **Hacktoberfest encourages participation in the open source community, which grows bigger every year.**

📢 **Register [here](https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com) for Hacktoberfest and make four pull requests (PRs) between October 1st-31st to grab free DIGITAL-SWAGS 🔥.**

<div align="center">

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/hacktoberfest-2023-blueviolet" alt="Hacktober Badge"/>
 <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=%F0%9F%8C%9F&message=If%20Useful&style=style=flat&color=BC4E99" alt="Star Badge"/>
 <a href="https://github.com/ossamamehmood" ><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributions-welcome-violet.svg?style=flat&logo=git" alt="Contributions" /></a>

<a href="https://github.com/ossamamehmood/hacktoberfest2023/pulls"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/ossamamehmood/hacktoberfest2023" alt="Pull Requests Badge"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/ossamamehmood/hacktoberfest2023/graphs/contributors"><img alt="GitHub contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/ossamamehmood/hacktoberfest2023?color=2b9348"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/ossamamehmood/hacktoberfest2023/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/ossamamehmood/hacktoberfest2023?color=2b9348" alt="License Badge"/></a>

</div>

## INSTRUCTIONS-

- Fork this Repository using the button at the top on right corner.
- Clone your forked repository to your pc ( git clone "url from clone option.)
- Create a new branch for your modifications (ie. `git branch new-user` and check it out `git checkout new-user` or simply do `git checkout -b new-user`)
- Add your profile image in `static/images/` ( use drag and drop option or upload by commands.)
- Add your profile data in `content/participant/`
- Run `git status` to check your two files are ready to commit
- Add your files (`git add -A`), commit (`git commit -m "added myself"`) and push (`git push origin new-user`)
- Create a pull request
- Star this repository

# How To Make Your First Pull Request

Replace `<YOUR-USERNAME>` with your GitHub username in this guide.

## 1. Add your profile picture to the folder

Add a picture picture of your choice in `static/images/`. Accepted files are **png** and **jpg**, should be squared and minimum size 544x544 pixels. Ex.

```
static/images/<YOUR-USERNAME>.png
```

## 2. Add your profile information

Create a markdown file in your folder following the convention `content/participant/<YOUR-USERNAME>.md`. Ex.

```
content/participant/<YOUR-USERNAME>.md
```

Copy the next template into your file, delete the boilerplate data and fill the information with yours.

```
---
name: YOURNAME
institution/company: INSTITUTION_NAME
github:USERNAME
---
```

<div align="center">
<h2> OR </h2>
</div>

## 3. Create / Upload Your Code / Algorithms

Create/Upload your code in folder following the convention `Add Code Here`

- Choose an extact lanaguage folder `drop your code`
- Below is `an example` to add file properly
- You can follow up `any languages`

```
Add Code Here/PYTHON/<YOUR-FILERNAME>.py
```

```
Add Code Here/C++/<YOUR-FILERNAME>.cpp
```

You can follow any pathway a `code` or `profile information`

## 4. Wait for Pull Request to merge

## 5. Celebrate - you've done your first pull request!!

```py
'''
Always make more then 4 pull requests.
Lets say you have made only 4 pull request to different projects,
but one project is excluded from hackoctoberfest event then your pull request will not be counted and
then you have remaining 3 valid pull requests if these projects is not excluded.
If you fail to make 4 pull requests then you can't get digital-swags.
I will recommend you to make pull request to your own repo which is very very safest side for you..
keep in mind that repo has hacktoberfest topic..
'''
```

## + Follow Me : } Quick Approval of Pull Request

```py
'''
To get approval of the pull request much quicker and faster (`Follow Me`)🚀
'''
```

<tr><td align="center"><a href="https://github.com/ossamamehmood"><kbd><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/ossamamehmood?size=100" width="100px;" alt=""/></kbd><br /><sub><b>Ossama Mehmood</b></sub></a><br /></td>

</tr>
